PARAGRAPHS:
Devara is not a person, but rather a form of inheritance.
Over two thousand years ago, a catastrophe nearly destroyed the Azuria Archipelago. Devara worked with a giant beast to stir up the ocean, using Amrita to contain, but not fully eliminate, the catastrophe.
To end it for good, Devara sealed and passed down his knowledge and abilities. Those acknowledged by the inheritance will gain the knowledge and abilities of all previous Devaras, inherit the name Devara, and rule Azuria.
The current Devara awakened seven years ago. The young man, who once wished for a leisurely life, now bears the burden of a thousand-year inheritance. With the catastrophe on the verge of eruption, he strives to find a path to survival for Azuria across millennia.
Ability Type
						Enhance Recovery
Damage
						Magic
Devara's Basic Attacks grant a stack of Energy (Thunder Resolve, up to 6 stacks). Becomes enhanced and gains another basic skill chance upon reaching the limit.
Close range melee attacks are shorter in attack intervals. After using basic skills, his enhanced basic attack deals extra damage and recovers Health.
Ability Type
						Movement Shield
Damage
						Magic
Dashes forward, dealing damage to enemies in his path while gaining a shield.
Ability Type
						Crowd Control
Damage
						Magic
Knocks back and damages enemies in front of him. (Farther knock back if closer with Devara)
Ability Type
						Enhance Immunity Speed Up
Damage
						Magic Physical
Gains crowd control immunity and a Movement Speed boost. Upon landing, deals damage nearby and enhances Basic Attack. Basic Attacks grant extra Energy (2 Thunder Resolve).
He ignores terrain while transforming to Legacy Manifest state. During the transforming time delay, strikes nearby enemies (priortizing heroes) with magical damage, gains 1 Thunder Resolve stack per strike and shield that negates after transformed.While in transformed state, range enhanced attack increased and creates chain attack that deals physical damage.

LIST ITEMS:
Dew Challenge Grand Final
APL 2026 - Queens Showdown
ENC 2026 - NA &amp; LATAM.N Qualfier
KGL Summer 2026
APL 2026
KPL Summer 2026
ASIAD 20 - Qualifier
APL 2026 - 1v1
Sikong Zhen (HoK CN &amp; AoV counterpart)
Characters
Hero
Pages with hard coded colors
Send an email
Chat with us
Contact
TL.net