PARAGRAPHS:
As the heir of the Fate Clan, Heino seemed to be blessed by the heavens, until the fateful day where he lost both his parents and his clan was forcefully removed from the Assembly amidst internal strife. Although the Scepter of Fate subsequently showed him that the Fate Clan is doomed to wither away, Heino is determined to overcome its fate.
Taking over the reins of the clan, the young man is determined to restore his clan to its former glory, even if it means traversing a treacherous path under scornful and mocking gazes.
Status: A mage who sees through fate
Info: The desire to control his own destiny has shaped Heino's personality. Heino never yields to others or the fate.
Secret: Heino is popular among the girls of Carano. Heino is having a hard time dealing with the overhyped hospitality of some mentors at the Magic Academy. Heino is waiting for someone in Carano.
Ability Type
						Mark
Damage
						Magic
Basic Attack damage differs depending on whether he is in melee or ranged mode. Skills and melee Basic Attacks place marks on enemies.
Ability Type
						Recovery
Damage
						Magic
Attacks in the target direction. If the target has a mark, skill cooldown is reduced.
Ranged: Deals damage and an extra attack to marked targets.
Melee: Deals damage and inflicts slow. Recovers Health upon hitting marked targets.
Ability Type
						Dash Recovery Switch Form
Dashes forward and switches attack mode.
Enters melee mode if enemy heroes are nearby, increasing Physical and Magical Defense and restoring Health; otherwise, enters ranged mode, leaving a memory and gaining Movement Speed.
Ability Type
						Retrace Recovery
Damage
						Magic
Gains damage reduction and crowd control immunity, recovers Health based on his current Health, and cannot move. Deals magical damage and travels back to where he was.
If there is an allied tower within range, it returns to its state from 5s (8s in AoV) ago.

LIST ITEMS:
Dew Challenge Grand Final
APL 2026 - Queens Showdown
ENC 2026 - NA &amp; LATAM.N Qualfier
KGL Summer 2026
APL 2026
KPL Summer 2026
ASIAD 20 - Qualifier
APL 2026 - 1v1
Characters
Hero
Pages with hard coded colors
Send an email
Chat with us
Contact
TL.net